README.md, before:

<!-- 
  ** DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE
  ** 
  ** This file was automatically generated. 
  ** 1) Make all changes to `README.yaml` 
  ** 2) Run `make init` (you only need to do this once)
  ** 3) Run`make readme` to rebuild this file. 
  -->
[![README Header][readme_header_img]][readme_header_link]

[![cloudopsworks][logo]](https://cloudops.works/)

# Cloud Ops Works Pipeline Blueprint


This GitHub repository is managed by Cloud Ops Works LLC and contains a 
comprehensive collection of GitHub Actions and workflows. The primary goal 
of this repository is to streamline and automate the deployment of infrastructure 
and applications. Whether you're deploying cloud resources or applications, these 
blueprints can help you achieve a higher level of automation and efficiency in 
your CI/CD pipelines.


---

This project is part of our comprehensive approach towards DevOps Acceleration. 
[<img align="right" title="Share via Email" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/ios-mail.svg"/>][share_email]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Google+" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-googleplus.svg" />][share_googleplus]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Facebook" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-facebook.svg" />][share_facebook]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Reddit" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-reddit.svg" />][share_reddit]
[<img align="right" title="Share on LinkedIn" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-linkedin.svg" />][share_linkedin]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Twitter" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-twitter.svg" />][share_twitter]




It's 100% Open Source and licensed under the [APACHE2](LICENSE).












## Introduction

The Cloud Ops Works Blueprints works along with GitHub Secrets and Variables,
they should be declared preferably at organization level, and then used in the
  workflows. This way, the secrets and variables are not exposed in the workflows
  and can be managed centrally.

## Usage



<style>
  table th {
    background: grey;
    text-align: center;
    color: ghostwhite;
  }
</style>

Required GitHub Secrets and Variables, in the below table:

| Name                             |   Type   | Description                                                                                                                                  | Required |
|----------------------------------|:--------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|
| __Dependency track__             |          |                                                                                                                                              |
| DEPENDENCYTRACK_TOKEN            |  Secret  | Dependency track token                                                                                                                       |   Yes    |
| DEPENDENCYTRACK_URL              | Variable | Dependency track URL                                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| __SonarQube__                    |
| SONARQUBE_TOKEN                  |  Secret  | SonarQube token                                                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| SONARQUBE_URL                    | Variable | SonarQube URL                                                                                                                                |   Yes    |
| __Semgrep__                      |
| SEMGREP_TOKEN                    |  Secret  | Semgrep token                                                                                                                                |   Yes    |
| __Snyk__                         |
| SNYK_TOKEN                       |  Secret  | Snyk token                                                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
| __GitHub__                       |          |                                                                                                                                              |          |
| BOT_TOKEN                        |  Secret  | GitHub token                                                                                                                                 |   Yes    |
| BOT_USER                         | Variable | GitHub user for commits                                                                                                                      |   Yes    |
| BOT_EMAIL                        | Variable | GitHub email for commits                                                                                                                     |   Yes    |
| BOT_TOKEN_SCOPED                 |  Secret  | GitHub token with repo scope, this Token is a Fine-Grained Token                                                                             |   Yes    |
| __AWS__                          |          | - AWS Based Resources                                                                                                                        |          |
| BUILD_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID          |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID, used for builds (ECR deploy, Repositories)                                                                                |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY      |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key                                                                                                                        |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_REGION                 | Variable | AWS Region                                                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN           | Variable | AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                           |    No    |
|                                  |
| DEPLOYMENT_STATE_CONF            | Variable | Deployment State Configuration, This is a YAML representation of Terraform Remote state configuration                                        |    No    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_REGION            | Variable | Default AWS Region used for deployments                                                                                                      |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN      | Variable | Default AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                   |    No    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID     |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID used for deployments                                                                                                       |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key used for deployments                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
|                                  |
| PREVIEW_AWS_REGION               | Variable | AWS Region used for preview deployments, defaults to `us-east-1`                                                                             |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN         | Variable | AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                           |    No    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID        |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID used for preview deployments                                                                                               |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY    |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key used for preview deployments                                                                                           |   Yes    |
| __Azure__                        |          | - Azure Based Resources                                                                                                                      |          |
| BUILD_AZURE_CLIENT_ID            |  Secret  | Azure Client ID, used for builds (ACR deploy, Repositories)                                                                                  |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET        |  Secret  | Azure Client Secret, used for builds                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AZURE_TENANT_ID            | Variable | Azure Tenant ID                                                                                                                              |   Yes    |
|                                  |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_SERVICE_ID      |  Secret  | Azure Client ID used for deployments                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_SERVICE_SECRET  |  Secret  | Azure Client Secret used for deployments                                                                                                     |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP  | Variable | Default Azure Resource Group used for deployments                                                                                            |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_TENANT_ID       | Variable | Azure Tenant ID used for deployments                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID | Variable | Azure Subscription ID used for deployments                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
|                                  |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_SERVICE_ID         |  Secret  | Azure Client ID used for preview deployments                                                                                                 |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_SERVICE_SECRET     |  Secret  | Azure Client Secret used for preview deployments                                                                                             |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP     | Variable | Default Azure Resource Group used for preview deployments                                                                                    |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_TENANT_ID          | Variable | Azure Tenant ID used for preview deployments                                                                                                 |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID    | Variable | Azure Subscription ID used for preview deployments                                                                                           |   Yes    |
| __Independent of Provider__      |
| PREVIEW_DOCKER_REGISTRY_ADDRESS  | Variable | Docker Registry Address for preview deployments                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| DOCKER_REGISTRY_ADDRESS          | Variable | Default Docker Registry Address for deployments                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_RUNNER_SET            | Variable | Default Runner set for deployment, used to identify the runner set for deployment, can be overriden at pipeline, defaults to `ubuntu-latest` |    No    |
| PREVIEW_RUNNER_SET               | Variable | Default Runner set for preview deployments, used to identify the runner set for preview deployments, defaults to `ubuntu-latest`             |    No    |








## Help

**Got a question?** We got answers. 

File a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints/issues), send us an [email][email] or join our [Slack Community][slack].

[![README Commercial Support][readme_commercial_support_img]][readme_commercial_support_link]

## DevOps Tools

## Slack Community


## Newsletter

## Office Hours

## Contributing

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints/issues) to report any bugs or file feature requests.

### Developing




## Copyrights

Copyright © 2024-2025 [Cloud Ops Works LLC](https://cloudops.works)





## License 

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) 

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.









## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.

## About

This project is maintained by [Cloud Ops Works LLC][website]. 


### Contributors

|  [![Cristian Beraha][berahac_avatar]][berahac_homepage]<br/>[Cristian Beraha][berahac_homepage] |
|---|

  [berahac_homepage]: https://github.com/berahac
  [berahac_avatar]: https://github.com/berahac.png?size=50

[![README Footer][readme_footer_img]][readme_footer_link]
[![Beacon][beacon]][website]

  [logo]: https://cloudops.works/logo-300x69.svg
  [docs]: https://cowk.io/docs?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=docs
  [website]: https://cowk.io/homepage?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=website
  [github]: https://cowk.io/github?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=github
  [jobs]: https://cowk.io/jobs?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=jobs
  [hire]: https://cowk.io/hire?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=hire
  [slack]: https://cowk.io/slack?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=slack
  [linkedin]: https://cowk.io/linkedin?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=linkedin
  [twitter]: https://cowk.io/twitter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=twitter
  [testimonial]: https://cowk.io/leave-testimonial?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=testimonial
  [office_hours]: https://cloudops.works/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=office_hours
  [newsletter]: https://cowk.io/newsletter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=newsletter
  [email]: https://cowk.io/email?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=email
  [commercial_support]: https://cowk.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=commercial_support
  [we_love_open_source]: https://cowk.io/we-love-open-source?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=we_love_open_source
  [terraform_modules]: https://cowk.io/terraform-modules?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=terraform_modules
  [readme_header_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/header/img
  [readme_header_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/header/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_header_link
  [readme_footer_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/footer/img
  [readme_footer_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/footer/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_footer_link
  [readme_commercial_support_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/commercial-support/img
  [readme_commercial_support_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/commercial-support/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_commercial_support_link
  [share_twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_reddit]: https://reddit.com/submit/?url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_facebook]: https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_googleplus]: https://plus.google.com/share?url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_email]: mailto:?subject=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&body=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [beacon]: https://ga-beacon.cloudops.works/G-7XWMFVFXZT/cloudopsworks/blueprints?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=blueprints

Commit message:

PIP-39 chore: add AI patch management and related configurations to README documentation

README.md, after:

<!-- 
  ** DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE
  ** 
  ** This file was automatically generated. 
  ** 1) Make all changes to `README.yaml` 
  ** 2) Run `make init` (you only need to do this once)
  ** 3) Run`make readme` to rebuild this file. 
  -->
[![README Header][readme_header_img]][readme_header_link]

[![cloudopsworks][logo]](https://cloudops.works/)

# Cloud Ops Works Pipeline Blueprint


This GitHub repository is managed by Cloud Ops Works LLC and contains a 
comprehensive collection of GitHub Actions and workflows. The primary goal 
of this repository is to streamline and automate the deployment of infrastructure 
and applications. Whether you're deploying cloud resources or applications, these 
blueprints can help you achieve a higher level of automation and efficiency in 
your CI/CD pipelines.


---

This project is part of our comprehensive approach towards DevOps Acceleration. 
[<img align="right" title="Share via Email" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/ios-mail.svg"/>][share_email]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Google+" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-googleplus.svg" />][share_googleplus]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Facebook" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-facebook.svg" />][share_facebook]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Reddit" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-reddit.svg" />][share_reddit]
[<img align="right" title="Share on LinkedIn" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-linkedin.svg" />][share_linkedin]
[<img align="right" title="Share on Twitter" width="24" height="24" src="https://docs.cloudops.works/images/ionicons/logo-twitter.svg" />][share_twitter]




It's 100% Open Source and licensed under the [APACHE2](LICENSE).












## Introduction

The Cloud Ops Works Blueprints works along with GitHub Secrets and Variables,
they should be declared preferably at organization level, and then used in the
  workflows. This way, the secrets and variables are not exposed in the workflows
  and can be managed centrally.

## Usage



<style>
  table th {
    background: grey;
    text-align: center;
    color: ghostwhite;
  }
</style>

Required GitHub Secrets and Variables, in the below table:

| Name                             |   Type   | Description                                                                                                                                  | Required |
|----------------------------------|:--------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|
| __Dependency track__             |          |                                                                                                                                              |
| DEPENDENCYTRACK_TOKEN            |  Secret  | Dependency track token                                                                                                                       |   Yes    |
| DEPENDENCYTRACK_URL              | Variable | Dependency track URL                                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| __SonarQube__                    |
| SONARQUBE_TOKEN                  |  Secret  | SonarQube token                                                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| SONARQUBE_URL                    | Variable | SonarQube URL                                                                                                                                |   Yes    |
| __Semgrep__                      |
| SEMGREP_TOKEN                    |  Secret  | Semgrep token                                                                                                                                |   Yes    |
| __Snyk__                         |
| SNYK_TOKEN                       |  Secret  | Snyk token                                                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
| __GitHub__                       |          |                                                                                                                                              |          |
| BOT_TOKEN                        |  Secret  | GitHub token                                                                                                                                 |   Yes    |
| BOT_USER                         | Variable | GitHub user for commits                                                                                                                      |   Yes    |
| BOT_EMAIL                        | Variable | GitHub email for commits                                                                                                                     |   Yes    |
| BOT_TOKEN_SCOPED                 |  Secret  | GitHub token with repo scope, this Token is a Fine-Grained Token                                                                             |   Yes    |
| __AWS__                          |          | - AWS Based Resources                                                                                                                        |          |
| BUILD_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID          |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID, used for builds (ECR deploy, Repositories)                                                                                |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY      |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key                                                                                                                        |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_REGION                 | Variable | AWS Region                                                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
| BUILD_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN           | Variable | AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                           |    No    |
|                                  |
| DEPLOYMENT_STATE_CONF            | Variable | Deployment State Configuration, This is a YAML representation of Terraform Remote state configuration                                        |    No    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_REGION            | Variable | Default AWS Region used for deployments                                                                                                      |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN      | Variable | Default AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                   |    No    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID     |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID used for deployments                                                                                                       |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key used for deployments                                                                                                   |   Yes    |
|                                  |
| PREVIEW_AWS_REGION               | Variable | AWS Region used for preview deployments, defaults to `us-east-1`                                                                              |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_STS_ROLE_ARN         | Variable | AWS STS Role ARN, Only needded if all actions are performed throug STS Assume Role                                                           |    No    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID        |  Secret  | AWS Access Key ID used for preview deployments                                                                                               |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY    |  Secret  | AWS Secret Access Key used for preview deployments                                                                                           |   Yes    |
| __Azure__                        |          | - Azure Based Resources                                                                                                                      |          |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_SERVICE_ID      |  Secret  | Azure Client ID used for deployments                                                                                                         |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_SERVICE_SECRET  |  Secret  | Azure Client Secret used for deployments                                                                                                     |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP  | Variable | Default Azure Resource Group used for deployments                                                                                            |   Yes    |
|                                  |          
| PREVIEW_AZURE_SERVICE_ID         |  Secret  | Azure Client ID used for preview deployments                                                                                                 |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_SERVICE_SECRET     |  Secret  | Azure Client Secret used for preview deployments                                                                                             |   Yes    |
| PREVIEW_AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP     | Variable | Default Azure Resource Group used for preview deployments                                                                                    |   Yes    |
| __Independent of Provider__      | 
| PREVIEW_DOCKER_REGISTRY_ADDRESS  | Variable | Docker Registry Address for preview deployments                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| DOCKER_REGISTRY_ADDRESS          | Variable | Default Docker Registry Address for deployments                                                                                              |   Yes    |
| DEPLOYMENT_RUNNER_SET            | Variable | Default Runner set for deployment, used to identify the runner set for deployment, can be overriden at pipeline, defaults to `ubuntu-latest` |    No    |
| PREVIEW_RUNNER_SET               | Variable | Default Runner set for preview deployments, used to identify the runner set for preview deployments, defaults to `ubuntu-latest`             |    No    |
| __AI Patching Management__       |          | - Supported by Patchwork                                                                                                                     |          |
| OPENAI_API_KEY                   |  Secret  | OpenAI API KEY or Hosted LLM API Key for the provided URL.                                                                                   |    No    |
| LIBRARIES_IO_API_KEY             |  Secret  | libraries.io API KEY, if set the DependencyUpgrade process will set analyze_impact=true                                                      |    No    |
| PATCHED_CODES_TOKEN              |  Secret  | Patched Codes Token, if set the AutoFix and DependencyUpgrade processes will use the SAAS service at https://www.patched.codes/              |    No    |
| HOSTED_LLM_BASE_URL              | Variable | Hosted LLMs Local or remote different from OpenAI's provided, if this is set, HOSTED_LLM_MODEL must be set.                                  |    No    |
| HOSTED_LLM_MODEL                 | Variable | Hosted LLM Local or Remote Model, can be used also to change default OpenAI's Model used in actions.                                         |    No    |








## Help

**Got a question?** We got answers. 

File a GitHub [issue](https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints/issues), send us an [email][email] or join our [Slack Community][slack].

[![README Commercial Support][readme_commercial_support_img]][readme_commercial_support_link]

## DevOps Tools

## Slack Community


## Newsletter

## Office Hours

## Contributing

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests

Please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints/issues) to report any bugs or file feature requests.

### Developing




## Copyrights

Copyright © 2024-2025 [Cloud Ops Works LLC](https://cloudops.works)





## License 

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) 

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for full details.

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.









## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.

## About

This project is maintained by [Cloud Ops Works LLC][website]. 


### Contributors

|  [![Cristian Beraha][berahac_avatar]][berahac_homepage]<br/>[Cristian Beraha][berahac_homepage] |
|---|

  [berahac_homepage]: https://github.com/berahac
  [berahac_avatar]: https://github.com/berahac.png?size=50

[![README Footer][readme_footer_img]][readme_footer_link]
[![Beacon][beacon]][website]

  [logo]: https://cloudops.works/logo-300x69.svg
  [docs]: https://cowk.io/docs?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=docs
  [website]: https://cowk.io/homepage?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=website
  [github]: https://cowk.io/github?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=github
  [jobs]: https://cowk.io/jobs?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=jobs
  [hire]: https://cowk.io/hire?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=hire
  [slack]: https://cowk.io/slack?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=slack
  [linkedin]: https://cowk.io/linkedin?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=linkedin
  [twitter]: https://cowk.io/twitter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=twitter
  [testimonial]: https://cowk.io/leave-testimonial?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=testimonial
  [office_hours]: https://cloudops.works/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=office_hours
  [newsletter]: https://cowk.io/newsletter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=newsletter
  [email]: https://cowk.io/email?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=email
  [commercial_support]: https://cowk.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=commercial_support
  [we_love_open_source]: https://cowk.io/we-love-open-source?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=we_love_open_source
  [terraform_modules]: https://cowk.io/terraform-modules?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=terraform_modules
  [readme_header_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/header/img
  [readme_header_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/header/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_header_link
  [readme_footer_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/footer/img
  [readme_footer_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/footer/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_footer_link
  [readme_commercial_support_img]: https://cloudops.works/readme/commercial-support/img
  [readme_commercial_support_link]: https://cloudops.works/readme/commercial-support/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudopsworks/blueprints&utm_content=readme_commercial_support_link
  [share_twitter]: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_reddit]: https://reddit.com/submit/?url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_facebook]: https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_googleplus]: https://plus.google.com/share?url=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [share_email]: mailto:?subject=Cloud+Ops+Works+Pipeline+Blueprint&body=https://github.com/cloudopsworks/blueprints
  [beacon]: https://ga-beacon.cloudops.works/G-7XWMFVFXZT/cloudopsworks/blueprints?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=blueprints
